CLOUD TO CLOUD (AWS TO GCP) MIGRATION USING CLOUD ENDURE:

1.Create an Ubuntu instance in AWS and save its key for later logging into the instance using puttygen and putty.

2.Go to gcp.cloudendure.com. Sign in with google cloud platform account.

3.On the top left corner, click on the ‘+’ symbol to create a new project. Note that the project created in cloud endure is totally different and has nothing to do with your project in GCP.

4.Now, under the GCP credentials tab, give your GCP project ID and GCP Private JSON key(Json key can be generated by going into API and services in GCP Dashboard and creating a JSON key for the service account “compute engine default service account. Download the key, open the downloaded file and copy the content.) Now paste the content onto the endure dashboard in the GCP Private JSON key section.

5.Click on Save.

6.Now, under Replication Settings, choose your Live Migration Task and your preferred zone. Leave everything else under Replication Server as Default until and unless you want to configure it under your private network.

7.Click on show Replication Settings.

8.Congratulations! Your Live Migration Project is set up.

9.The next step is to install the CloudEndure Agent on your Source machine. Click on Show me how.

10.It will display your Agent Installation Token and a few commands for configuring endure on both linux and Windows Machines.

11.Run those commands on your aws Ubuntu machines.

12.Endure is set up on aws Ubuntu machine after 4-5 minutes.

13.The replication will automatically start on your endure dashboard, based on the network path you choose and the region, the time varies.

14.After the replication is completed, give your instance a custom name and choose a default subnet and create a new private address. 

15.Save the Blueprint.

16.Click on Test Node while launching the target machine. You can also view the Job Progress.

17.After a few minutes go to Compute Engine, the VM has been successfully migrated from AWS to GCP.

Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BTLgy7jyso




